# AWS-Business-Minority-Project-3
**Team Name:** Team 7 \
**Project Title:** AWS Business Minority Project 3 \
**Team Members:** Yasmin Senior, Traven Reese, Chad Toomer, Aniya Wilson, April Murphy \
**Problem Statement:** Members of the Black community often have unique needs that they seek to have addressed by Black-owned businesses. These needs can range from finding specialized hairdressers who understand and cater to their specific hair textures when relocating to a new city to seeking out mental health professionals who share a common cultural background and can better relate to their life experiences. It is also important for Black-owned businesses to connect with their target audience in order to to gain loyal patrons and help change the racial wealth divide between the two. \
**Product Description:** Our application will connect users with minority-owned businesses. It will benefit two user types: customers and business owners. Users can discover businesses via location, keywords, images, voice search, and personalized recommendations. They can rate, review, and share businesses on social media. This product would enhance visibility for minority-owned businesses by providing multiple avenues for potential customers to discover them. Features like business registration and owner claims make it easier for businesses to list and manage their presence, increasing their visibility within the platform. Additionally, user reviews and ratings can help promote businesses and social media sharing capabilities allow customers to spread the word.
